Added proxy specific properties (#1)
JaniruTEC/cryptomator-wiki: Advanced-Settings.md

| Argument Name                                               | Description                                                                                                                                                        | OS    |
|-------------------------------------------------------------|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|-------|
| java.net.useSystemProxies=[Boolean]                         | Whether Cryptomator should use the system proxy settings (true) or no proxy (false) when connecting to the internet (e.g. for update checks).                      | All   |
| https.proxyHost=[Host]                                      | The host of the proxy server to use for connecting to the internet (e.g. for update checks). Overrides `java.net.useSystemProxies=[Boolean]`.                      | All   |
| https.proxyPort=[Port]                                      | The port of the proxy server to use for connecting to the internet (e.g. for update checks). Requires `https.proxyHost=[Host]` to be set.                          | All   |

> | http.nonProxyHosts=[NonProxyHostList]                       | The hosts that are not accessed through the proxy server when connecting to the internet (e.g. for update checks). Defaults to `localhost\|127.*\|[::1]` if unset. | All   |

Reviewer: Would remove the word internet completely.

```suggestion
| https.proxyHost=[Host]                                      | The host of the proxy server to use for connecting to the remote (e.g. for update checks). Overrides `java.net.useSystemProxies=[Boolean]`.                      | All   |
| https.proxyPort=[Port]                                      | The port of the proxy server to use for connecting to the remote (e.g. for update checks). Requires `https.proxyHost=[Host]` to be set.                          | All   |
| http.nonProxyHosts=[NonProxyHostList]                       | The hosts that are not accessed through the proxy server when connecting to the remote (e.g. for update checks). Defaults to `localhost\|127.*\|[::1]` if unset. | All   |
```

Author: Resolved by b9dee9d34fd743707e3c5a9f6c0806a167e86446.
